Costa Verde Village (UTC) — resident reviews — "Do not live here" (Couple 1 bed / 1 bath)
1. There are always roaches in the place. They come from doors, windows, hallways, and drains. I’ve had the office spray the house multiple times and my neighbors told me they have the same issue 2. No parking inside or outside on the street. Dozens of people come from other places to use the gym and they park in the overflow parking, also all the staff that works here uses the parking too. And when it’s after 9PM, forget about finding a parking on the street. Sometimes I would park so far that my partner comes to pick me up with a car… 3. My car got vandalized from the locked “secured” parking lot. TWICE. The gates are supposed to be locked but they’re always left open and the locked doors are broken for the whole year I lived there for. I complained about it dozens of times and got no where, the office never fixes it. They never cared about my car getting vandalized neither. 4. There’s dozens more reasons to not live here, all the people live here just leave their trash by the elevators every day, and the amenities are always closed for whatever reason. The gym that looks all nice is being used by others who don’t live here so it’s always packed. Sometimes I wait half hour for any machine and when every bench and machine is take I just end up leaving. It’s absurd. I’ve also had a bad experience from the staff that works at the office. The maintenance crew is very awesome and friendly, but the office staff are rude.

Costa Verde Village (UTC) — resident reviews — "CVV" (Couple Pet owner 1 bed / 1 bath)
The apartments are okay, floor plan is spacious. The appliances are old, especially washer/dryer. The gym is free and I believe is the best in UTC apartments, better than main gym in UCSD. Wall and floor is wood and thin so if you have a noisy neighbor you need an earplug.

Costa Verde Village (UTC) — resident reviews — "Living with paper-thin walls, hear your neighbor's bed activities" (1 bed / 1 bath)
The walls lack sufficient thickness, allowing sounds from neighboring apartments, like snoring and other personal activities, to be easily heard. This becomes particularly noticeable during their parties, which can feel intrusive. The sound of footsteps is also a common disturbance. Overall, this situation often leads to a feeling of limited privacy, as the walls do not seem to offer adequate isolation.

Costa Verde Village (UTC) — resident reviews — "Costa Verde village Review" (Roommates 3 beds / 2 baths)
The place is very sketchy. I do not feel safe.

Costa Verde Village (UTC) — resident reviews — "Average place" (Roommates 2 beds / 2 baths)
This place is close to UTC but not close enough. It is 10 min away from the trolley station at UTC. The closest grocery store nearby is Vons, which is 15 min away on foot. There are other better places at this price level.

Costa Verde Village (UTC) — resident reviews — "8840 Costa Verde Blvd. Review" (Roommates 2 beds / 2 baths)
Good Living Experience

Costa Verde Village (UTC) — resident reviews — "Costa Verde" (Roommates 2 beds / 2 baths)
Unsafe, poorly managed, and loud.

Costa Verde Village (UTC) — resident reviews — "Good apartment rooms but poor management" (Couple Pet owner 1 bed / 1 bath)
The apartment is roomy and well designed, with in-room laundry machines and A/C and heating. The management is not the best, and the elevator in our building constantly breaks down and we had to climb the stairs from B2 to F4. There were multiple car break-ins last year, even with locked garage gates.

Costa Verde Village (UTC) — resident reviews — "5" (Roommates 2 beds / 1 bath)
Old and run down, with a great ocean view that semi-made up for the run-down living conditions.

Costa Verde Village (UTC) — resident reviews — "Wonderful" (1 bed / 1 bath)
This is a great place to live. Sometimes lots of noise but that’s to be expected in a large apartment community with lots of students and near a busy road.