Regents La Jolla — resident reviews — "Decent" (Roommates 3 beds / 2 baths)
It's a decent apartment. I like the location. The only reason my rent is so low is because I found roommates that leased pre-COVID, so it is much more expensive for new residents and may not be worth it for other grad students. Some things like the flooring are somewhat low quality, and the doors for example feel old. However, this is all worth it because I have central AC.

Regents La Jolla — resident reviews — "Convenient but expensive" (1 bed / 1 bath)
Regents La Jolla is located within walking distance of the campus, and the units are equipped with hard wood floor. The price is at the higher end of the area.

Regents La Jolla — resident reviews — "No major issues" (Roommates 2 beds / 2 baths)
Biking to UCSD only takes 10 minutes for me. Alternatively I can take bus or trolley to the school, also very convenient. The maintenance team is great. They fix things in time. The community is gated so it feels more safe. Walking to UTC is under 10 minutes. Regents Park Plaza has a good selection of restaurants and bakeries too. Sometimes neighbors can be noisy at night during quiet hours, but not very frequently.

Regents La Jolla — resident reviews — "Regents La Jolla Review" (Roommates 3 beds / 2 baths)
Regents La Jolla is an excellent apartment complex with many amenities. It is also close to the bus stop and trolley station. Management is responsive and any issues you report are fixed promptly. The one downside is that renting here is expensive.

Regents La Jolla — resident reviews — "Great except the management team" (Roommates Pet owner 2 beds / 2 baths)
I chose this community mainly because I can safely bike to UCSD campus from there.

Regents La Jolla — resident reviews — "Very nice place" (Roommates 2 beds / 2 baths)
The buildings are well built, with the best heat and sound insulation I've ever seen in an apartment in SD. Location is awesome, right next to Executive Dr trolley station, and a 5-10 min walk from the UTC mall. Gym is a bit dated but it works. The two pools, some clubhouse type amenities, and more are nice too. Parking is very secure, underground and gated. Really lucked out getting this place back in 2020 before rent skyrocketed. Good luck getting a good price here nowadays 🥲

Regents La Jolla — resident reviews — "Great Apartment" (Roommates 2 beds / 2 baths)
The apartment has an excellent leasing team, but the property is rather old. But the hardwood floors does make it easier for clean-ups.

Regents La Jolla — resident reviews — "Nice but a little pricy apartment" (Couple Pet owner 2 beds / 2 baths)
I live with my boyfriend and my dog and because of the pandemics we decided to get our own apartment (we were living with roommates) with a study since we're both spending a bunch of time wfh. We like our community as it's safe, beautiful and well managed; the only downside is the rent is a bit pricy ($2600 for 2b2b). I will recommend this community and if you want to save some money having roommates is a good choice as the rooms are spacious.