La Regencia — resident reviews — "Decent complex with good maintenance" (Roommates 2 beds / 2 baths)
Good maintenance crew, responds quickly to all requests, parking lot has had construction materials in it for the 6 years I have lived here, my rent price is artificially low since I moved in during Covid.

La Regencia — resident reviews — "La Regencia Review" (Roommates 2 beds / 2 baths)
I like this aparment!

La Regencia — resident reviews — "A just-so-so place to live" (Roommates 2 beds / 2 baths)
The only good part of it is the space.

La Regencia — resident reviews — "Mid but was big" (Roommates 2 beds / 2 baths)
It was a big apartment, spacious rooms, but it was loud and grew mold alot. Also, the pollen from the trees in the spring covered the entire balcony.

La Regencia — resident reviews — "Worth the price" (Roommates 2 beds / 2 baths)
Apartment is kinda old and facilities are not the best; utilities are expensive. However, the rooms are large enough, given the price. Mostly quiet except Friday night. The management team is okay: not responsive as in those fabulous apartments, but good enough. Close to 201/202 bus stops, and there are Vons and UPS within a 3-minute walk. Generally, I would recommend everyone with a limited budget to consider.

La Regencia — resident reviews — "It's OK" (Roommates 2 beds / 2 baths)
Pro: The room is spacious. VONS and bus stop in walk distance. Con: The wall is thin. The floor is covered by carpet so might be easy to be dirty.

La Regencia — resident reviews — "Cheap but noisy" (Roommates 3 beds / 2 baths)
The condo is cheap enough but the walls are too thin and there are too much noise. Also, there's big machine noise outside every weekday.

La Regencia — resident reviews — "Cost effective" (Roommates 2 beds / 2 baths)
Pros: * Specious rooms, especially if you have someone living in the living room * Good location, there is a reasonable grocery (Vons) next door, in walking distance to many other stores in the UTC area, and there is a large sporty park nearby * Plenty of amenities, in unit washer/dryer (not found in many other places at similar price range), pools and a small gym, and Amazon locker Cons: * Not a gated community, and sometimes the building doors may not be locked properly, so there are chances that some random people may roam around the communities. There have been many car breakins and lost package/delivery, and the community will not take any responsibility. So be aware of that. * The buildings are relatively old