Solazzo / Villa La Jolla — resident reviews — "Noisy and unsafe" (2 beds / 2 baths)
I do not feel safe here. First a man tried to break into my bedroom through the window in the middle of the night. He was outside my apartment, beating on the window, which is single pane and flimsy. I called Solazzo’s security line, but they had nobody nearby and the man got away. Instead of putting bars over the window or replacing it with a stronger window, Solazzo management gave me a lock that you can buy on Amazon for two dollars. It only keeps the window from being slid open sideways, and doesn’t make any difference if someone is trying to push the window in. Then someone scraped my car in the garage and I asked management if they had security cameras in the garage that might have told me who did it. Management told me they do not have any security cameras in the garage. Lighting in the garage is also not good. A few months later, someone ransacked my car, stealing items from it, when it was parked in the same garage. You would have thought that management would have known it was a good idea to install security cameras, but they still had none. So again, I can’t find out who the perpetrator is. At the same time that management refuses to take security measures, they are squeezing current tenants with big rent increases. We are paying more money despite the fact that management has closed many of the amenities. I believe their rent increases illegally violate the limitations on price gouging that apply under the current state of emergency declared in California. I can’t wait to get out of here. Management is greedy and does not care about the safety of the tenants. In comparison it may seem minor, but the walls, floors and ceilings are thin and you can hear every noise from adjacent apartments.

Solazzo / Villa La Jolla — resident reviews — "Expensive but very nice community" (1 bed / 1 bath)
If you prefer 1b1b but have budget constraints, I would not recommend Solazzo since it was too expensive. Otherwise, I highly recommend it. Especially if you do not mind taking 2b2b, Solazzo has several which are relatively cheap after splitting the rent. The community is professionally managed by the largest (I guess) real estate company in CA. Most houses seem to be renovated recently. Has large windows, quiet neighbors, gated, quick front desk responses, nice gardens, etc. 5 mins walk to the village malls, 20 minutes walk to the campus center, and 2 mins walk to the bus stations.