La Jolla neighborhood overview
La Jolla is a small, oceanfront neighborhood in a hilly section of San Diego surrounding UCSD. The neighborhood can be generally defined as the area west of Interstate 5 and between Camel Valley Road in the north and Van Nuys Street in the South. The residential section of the neighborhood is below UCSD and awash with beautiful homes and well-manicured streets. Considering the average house price of over $1.5 million, most residents in the area are families and other well-established professionals. But students looking to stay close to campus should have no issue finding a place due to the abundant apartment offerings. Those who do live here should be aware of the necessity of a car since public transit is scarce and most businesses are not within walking distance.

Median rents in La Jolla: Studio $1745, 1 Bedroom $2150, 2 Bedroom $2400.

La Jolla resident review (resident of One Miramar Street Apartments)
La Jolla in general is too fancy for me, however, I do appreciate the UCSD Graduate Housing environment. There is a great mix of students here.

La Jolla resident review (resident of La Jolla Blue)
UTC mall and the proximity to UCSD make this a really nice place to live for UCSD students.

La Jolla resident review (resident of Solazzo Apartments Homes)
Convenient to UCSD and supermarkets. But the apartment complex next door seems sketchy.

La Jolla resident review (resident of One Miramar Street Apartments)
Great neighbors, very friendly and helpful.

La Jolla resident review (resident of Verano)
UTC is a nice area, but sometimes it can feel isolated. It is disconnected from campus (although close by) and has limited restaurants and stores. Often we have to drive Clairemont or downtown La Jolla beyond the basics, such as for Target, Wal-mart, ethnic food, etc. And Clairemont just feels old and like Boomer-town. So overall UTC is central to everything and efficient, but doesn't have a lot of energy.

La Jolla resident review (resident of One Miramar Street Apartments)
Scenic spots nearby which are accessible through public transport.

La Jolla resident review (resident of One Miramar Street Apartments)
It's good and there is helpful maintenance.